website/docs: cleanup 07-12: polish operations and user guidance (#23971)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/sys-mgmt/settings.md

---
title: System settings
---

> Runtime settings control behavior that can be changed through the authentik Admin interface or API. Environment-level and deployment settings are documented in the [configuration options](../install-config/configuration/configuration.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System settings control system-wide behavior. They can be changed through the authentik Admin interface or API. 

Environment-level and deployment settings are documented in the [configuration options](../install-config/configuration/configuration.mdx).
```
